Create CONTRIBUTING and onboarding document (#68)
alan-turing-institute/asg-community: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/NEW_MEMBERS.md

---
name: "\U0001F5F9 Onboarding"
about: Create an issue for the new contributors to the ASG community and white papers
title: "[INDUCTION]"
labels: 'onboarding'
assignees: ''

---

# ASG White Paper Contributor onboarding - checklist

- [ ] Connect with the ASG community manager (https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community#contact) who is coordinating the development of the ASG white paper and will be happy to guide you in your participation and contributions to the project.
- [ ] Familiarise yourself with the project's goals (README) and contribution process (CONTRIBUTING)
- [ ] Get access to the GitHub repository as a contributor
- [ ] Get access to the Overleaf document where the white paper is currently being drafted
- [ ] Make sure you have been given access to relevant Communications channels used for this project (the Turing Slack, coworking calls, ASG events)
- [ ] Check the project's Zotero for reference: https://www.zotero.org/groups/4652021/turing_asg/library

> - [ ] Check out the [different kinds of roles and responsibilities](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/blob/main/documentation/asg-white-papers/contributor-roles.md) contributors of this project can take. We use the [CRediT Taxonomy](https://casrai.org/credit/) to define role beyond writing and reviewing the paper.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check out the [different kinds of roles and responsibilities](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/blob/main/documentation/contributor-roles.md) contributors of this project can take. We use the [CRediT Taxonomy](https://casrai.org/credit/) to define role beyond writing and reviewing the paper.
```

- [ ] Browse through currently open issues and Pull Requests to directly participate in the discussions as described in the [contributing guideline](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> - [ ] Read the details onboarding documents to understand different routes to contributions, how your contributions will be acknowledged and resources that can help you get started as a contributor to the ASG white papers.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Read the [onboarding document]((https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/blob/main/onboarding.md)) to understand different routes to contributions, how your contributions will be acknowledged and resources that can help you get started as a contributor to the ASG white papers.
```
